Kim Lip: Chuu~
Kim Lip: YeoJin and Choerry came to Chuu's music video set!
(Lip brought the two girls!)
Kim Lip: First, Choerry shows a lot of teeth.
Kim Lip: And she looks like an annoying orange. I expressed that.
Kim Lip: And YeoJin...
Kim Lip: I expressed her Pucca hairstyle which is her signature
Kim Lip: It's high quality, right?
Kim Lip: And next is...
(Kim Lip drawing familiar curled hair...)
Kim Lip: JinSoul has a beautiful nose~
Kim Lip: And her jawline is amazing like a piece of art!
Kim Lip: It really looks like JinSoul, right?
(Oh. it looks so similar...)
Kim LIp: Ta-da!
Kim Lip: Choerry, YeoJin, and JinSoul!
Kim Lip: And me!
Kim Lip: Director~
Kim Lip: Please guess who they are~
(Correct!)
'Choerry'
(Correct again!)
'JinSoul!'
Kim Lip: I think it is not that easy~
KIm Lip: Cause her characteristic is not expressed on the face.
'HeeJin?'
Kim Lip: (Disappointed) Ah...
Kim Lip: This has been the painter of the month!